Changes related to "AGP-84: Adding a Flock track to AGP-1" (#83)
aragon/AGPs: templates/flock_template.md

---
AGP: N/A
Title: Title
Author: Name (GitHub username)
Status: Stage III
Track: Flock
Created: YYYY-MM-DD
---

# Insert title like "AGP-X: Example title" here

## Insert proposal content here

*A proposal guide is available on the Flock program section of the Aragon Wiki*

## [Aragon Association signature field]

*In order to be submitted to the Community Review stage of the AGP process, the above application must satisfy the Flock track AGP timeline. Its scope and structure must also match the way the Flock program operates.*

> *If so, the Aragon Association will create a pull request containing PGP signature as specified in the Flock track process of AGP-1*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*If so, the Aragon Association will pre-approve it by providing the team with a PGP signed message that should be included in the AGP as specified in the Flock track process of AGP-1*
```
